README.md, before:

# DatingApp.SPA

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Update readme with 3rd parties

README.md, after:

# DatingApp.SPA

This project can be found on udemy course.
I'm pushing code while im progressing and why not push the project beyond after the course is done.
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.8.
Here are some of the usefull tools i used for this projects.

[AlertifyJS](http://alertifyjs.com/) javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications.
[Angular-JWT](https://github.com/auth0/angular2-jwt#key-features) angular2-jwt is a helper library for working with JWTs in your Angular 2 applications.
[Ngx-boostrap](https://valor-software.com/ngx-bootstrap/#/) Bootstrap components, powered by Angular. Help to keep a jquery free project.
[Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/) Free simple bootstrap templates.

This SPA is sending a request on a API project made with .net core / c# that can be find [DatingApp.API](https://github.com/Sushi21/DatingApp.API)

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
